README.md, before:

Hey there! This repository contains my personal cross-platform configuration files and scripts for Windows and Linux systems. 
Here, you'll find my custom configurations and scripts to automate system setup and customization for my personal use.

## Repository Structure

The repository is structured as follows:

- <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/windows.svg" width="24" height="24" /> **Windows/**: Contains Windows-specific scripts and configuration files.
  - **scripts/**: Contains scripts to automate system configuration and customization.
  - **config/**: Contains configuration files for various applications and tools.
- <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/linux.svg" width="24" height="24" /> **Linux/**: Contains Linux-specific scripts and configuration files.
  - **scripts/**: Contains scripts to automate system configuration and customization.
  - **config/**: Contains configuration files for various applications and tools.
 
## Disclaimer

Please be mindful that not everyone will use the same setup as me, and that doesn't mean that it's wrong or better! 
What works for me works for me, and what works for you works for you 😄

Commit message:

docs(README): Update repository structure and add Assets directory
- Update Windows and Linux SVG icons
- Add Assets directory for assets (wallpapers, profile pictures, etc.)

README.md, after:

Hey there! This repository contains my personal cross-platform configuration files and scripts for Windows and Linux systems. 
Here, you'll find my custom configurations and scripts to automate system setup and customization for my personal use.

## Repository Structure

The repository is structured as follows:

- <img width="24" height="24" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/refs/heads/master/images/svg/windows.svg" alt="windows"/> **Windows/**: Contains Windows-specific scripts and configuration files.
  - **scripts/**: Contains scripts to automate system configuration and customization.
  - **config/**: Contains configuration files for various applications and tools.
- <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/refs/heads/master/images/svg/endeavouros.svg" width="24" height="24" /> **Linux/**: Contains Linux-specific scripts and configuration files.
  - **scripts/**: Contains scripts to automate system configuration and customization.
  - **config/**: Contains configuration files for various applications and tools.
- <img width="24" height="24" src="https://img.icons8.com/pulsar-color/48/pictures-folder.png" alt="pictures-folder"/> **Assets/**: Contains assets (wallpapers, profile pictures, etc.) that are used in both systems.
## Disclaimer

Please be mindful that not everyone will use the same setup as me, and that doesn't mean that it's wrong or better! 
What works for me works for me, and what works for you works for you 😄
